gh-111637: Clarify MIME type recognition behavior in mimetypes documentation (#129546)
python/cpython: Doc/library/mimetypes.rst

   The optional *strict* argument is a flag specifying whether the list of known MIME types
   is limited to only the official types `registered with IANA
   <https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml>`_.
   However, the behavior of this module also depends on the underlying operating
   system. Only file types recognized by the OS or explicitly registered with

>    Python’s internal database can be identified. When *strict* is ``True`` (the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Python's internal database can be identified. When *strict* is ``True`` (the
```

With a regular quote, this seems fine.
